Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
M_I_SForEver
I'm so happy.
I didn't think I could
ever be this happy.
Me neither.
I'm gonna spend the rest of my
life making sure you're this happy.
I appreciate the sentiment,
but we both know
that's not possible.
I can get pretty grouchy.
Mmm.
And I'll love you through it.
It's good to see it too, Terry.
You married into this.
- How old are you?
- Not as old as you, Grandpa.
- Congratulations again, you two.
- Thanks, Chase.
So, Chase, as my best man,
I kinda need you
to do me a favor.
- Name it.
- Yeah, get Terry away from my wife.
- You got it.
- What? I'm only dancing.
Shut up Terry.
I'm sorry.
Where were we?
- Babe, hold my earrings.
- Yeah.
- They bothering you?
- A little bit.
Okay. No problem, my love.
Benny.
- Benny? What?
- Hello, Grace.
Lucas, honey, this is Benny.
Yeah. Hey, Benny.
Grace told me all about you.
It's, um...
It's nice to meet you.
Likewise.
And congratulations...
to both of you, that is.
Thank you.
So, Benny, I didn't know
you'd be attending.
Oh, I see.
I mean, I'm glad
to see you, though.
I'm glad to see you too, Grace.
And of course I'd attend.
How could I not?
Hey, well, um, Benny,
thank you for stopping by.
Yes, of course.
Thanks for coming.
It's so good to see you.
It's always nice
to see you, Grace.
So, uh, Benny, Grace tells me you
haven't spoken in a few years.
- What have you been up to?
- Oh, you know, this and that.
- Brooklyn!
- Nice to see you!
I... I'm gonna get
some more of those crab bites.
Yeah, you, uh... you do that.
- Did I interrupt something?
- Girl, you saved us.
- Okay.
- Hey, Brook.
- Hey, Luke.
- Thanks for coming.
Oh, I wouldn't miss it
for the world.
Can you believe I actually
got this guy down the aisle?
No, I can't,
but I'm happy for you.
I'm happy for both of you.
I'm a blessed woman.
When God gave out husbands,
He gave me the best.
Yeah, He did.
Lucas is one of the good guys.
Let's just keep that low 'cause I
have a reputation to keep, okay?
Oh, don't worry,
your secret's safe with me.
Yeah, me too.
- It's our song.
- Sure is.
Okay, I'll let you two
get back at it.
I just wanted to say
congratulations.
Thank you again.
I'll come find you in a bit.
You better.
- Bye, Luke.
- Bye, Brook.
- I finally get to dance my wife.
- That's the plan, baby.
So, I don't know
how to say this,
so I'm just gonna say it.
- Lucas, you son of a bitch.
- Oh, God.
Please tell me that's not Mason.
I'm sorry I can't do that.
I thought you said
you didn't invite him.
- I didn't.
- I don't think he knows that.
I don't think he cares.
Get over here!
Congrats, man!
You're finally getting hitched.
Thanks.
And, Ms. Grace, please tell me
you know how lucky you are.
This guy could have had anyone
he wanted and he chose you.
She chose me.
It's good to see you, Mason.
Sorry I missed
the actual ceremony.
Funny story... there's a chick
back at the airport...
Okay, I think we all
how this story ends.
Yeah, of course you do.
You taught me everything I know.
Oh, Mason, my wedding,
we're at my wedding.
Yeah, okay, you're right.
Sorry, Ms. Grace.
I'm gonna let you boys
get caught up.
Chase, care to dance?
Darling, I thought
you'd never ask.
I need a drink.
You need a drink?
- Uh, I could...
- Let's grab a drink.
Move!
A toast to the man
no one thought
would ever settle down,
settling down.
- Ah!
- Oh.
She's amazing, man.
I gotta be honest,
I don't know how I ever lived
without her.
Oh, I do.
But this is neither the time
or the place to talk about it.
But seriously, bro,
I'm happy for you.
Thanks, man.
Lucas and Grace,
fricking married.
I can't believe
you still remember that.
Remember it?
Hell, I think I still got the scar from it.
Oh...
- Okay. Mm...
- Yep, got stabbed.
And you wonder why
we don't hang out anymore.
What I don't get is
you sleep with her sister,
but I'm the one
that gets stabbed.
What? No, no, I...
you slept with her sister.
You just tried
to blame it on me.
- Oh. That's right.
- Huh.
So, wait, how'd she know
it was me, then?
You sent her a picture
of you and her sister.
- Yeah. What's that prove?
- You were naked.
- So?
- And so was her sister.
- Huh.
- Yeah.
Well, I guess that proves it.
You boys having fun?
Mm, something like that.
Well, I won't interrupt.
Just needed a break
from my parents.
- Oh, is it that bad?
- No, they're fine.
But, I mean,
you know how they are.
I do.
Gentlemen.
Madam.
And where have you been?
I was talking to Grace's
friend Tasha over there.
She's a real sweetheart.
You be good, Chase.
Always, darling.
I'll let you boys
get back to it.
I'm gonna make one more trip around,
then I'm getting out of this dress.
Whoa, I thought I was the one
that got to get you
out of that dress later.
You'll be getting me out of whatever
I'm wearing, don't you worry.
Mmm...
- Don't drink too much, okay?
- Mm.
Don't worry Grace,
I'll take care of him.
That's what I'm afraid of.
So I'm almost afraid to ask
'cause... anyone seen Terry?
I found him.
Mason, thanks for showing
my husband a good time,
but I think this is
where we say good night.
I get it.
Time to consummate the marriage.
Good night, Mason.
Good night, Grace.
- Mason!
- Yo.
Cool seeing you tonight.
Maybe I'll catch you
before you hop on the plane?
Might need some alone time
with my wife.
I love when you call me your wife.
Yeah, we got
some baby-making to do.
And you ruined it.
Good night, Mason. Stay safe.
I always am. No kids yet.
It's not what I meant.
What do you think you're doing?
I'm driving.
- You're not driving.
- It's my car.
And you're drunk.
I'm not that drunk.
You're "I hate the ending
of Game of Thrones" drunk.
Yeah, but at least he's not "I
can't believe the Ultimate Warrior
beat Hulk Hogan
in WrestleMania VI" drunk.
- Ugh!
- She got that going for it.
Crap! That was crap!
Oh, man, Ultimate Warrior!
Whoo!
All right, babe,
you know what?
You might be right.
You'll get us home faster.
In a hurry to get home?
You have no idea.
That's my boy!
This is married sex!
Good morning, my beautiful wife.
Good morning,
my adorable husband.
- Mm.
- How'd you sleep?
Great, and I'm even better now.
Why is that?
Because I get to wake up
next to you every morning
for the rest of my life.
I don't know
how I got so lucky,
but I'm gonna thank God
every day that I did.
Oh. I love you, Grace.
I love you, Lucas.
Babe, what's wrong?
I just remembered we have to
meet my parents for breakfast.
Oh, I forgot about that.
Remind me again why we agreed to meet
with them the morning after our wedding.
Uh, we... we didn't agree
to anything.
You agreed,
and I got roped into this
because of some new husband
clause or something.
New? You make it sound
like I've had more than one.
Well, you know there was
that tiny little guy, Benny,
that chased you around,
nipping at your heels.
- That was pretty serious.
- Oh!
Are we forgetting how serious
you and Brooklyn were?
Hmm. Hmm.
Now what?
Hi, Mom.
Yep, 11:00, I know.
We'll be there.
He didn't have
that much to drink, Mom.
Begins already.
Okay, okay,
we'll see you soon.
Yeah, 11:00, I know.
You just told me.
Okay, all right.
See you soon. Bye.
So in case you didn't know,
we're meeting my parents at 11:00.
11:00? Wow, shocker!
I'm gonna go for a jog
while you shower, okay?
Why don't
we shower together?
Honey, I may not
know everything,
but one thing I do know is if
we get in that shower together,
there's no way we're meeting
my parents at 11:00.
And explain to me again
why that's a bad thing.
Shower now.
You now.
Something tells me
we're not gonna make
that lunch at 11:00.
Something tells me
it'll be worth it.
- Good morning.
- Morning. How's it going?
I'm ready.
Can't say the same for you.
Only because
you showered first.
It's okay, I'll wait for you.
Oh really? How nice of you.
I would wait a lifetime for you.
Babe, you okay?
Yeah, I just got this sharp pain
in my head all of a sudden.
Lucas,
something's wrong.
Grace? Grace!
Grace!
No, baby! Honey!
Grace? Grace!
Stay with me, baby.
Baby, wake up! Wake up!
Grace!
Somebody help me! Help!
Grace. No.
Grace!
Please, God.
Everything is going to be okay.
Excuse me?
Who was that?
No idea.
How you doing?
My beautiful, vibrant wife
just suddenly died
from a brain aneurysm.
How do you think?
Sorry, stupid question.
Why are you here, Mason?
'Cause, I'm your best friend.
I might not be able
to make you feel any better,
but I'm still gonna try.
I just keep hoping
it's a bad dream...
that I'm gonna wake up and...
she's gonna be right next to me
where she belongs.
I know, buddy.
You know, the world ain't
all sunshine and rainbows.
Did you seriously
just quote Rocky ?
Sorry.
Look, man, you can be
depressed tomorrow,
but today you gotta go on there
and talk to Grace's parents,
talk to her friends.
You gotta be her husband.
Does this even matter
at this point?
What do you think
Grace would want?
Mason, I'm literally about
to bury her in the ground.
How would I possibly know
what she wants?
Look, we both know
I don't believe in this crap...
but you believe
she's up in heaven, right?
That's just it.
For me to believe in heaven,
would mean I would have
to believe in a God
that would kill my wife.
So, the heavenly kid
doesn't believe in heaven.
I'm not sure I do anymore.
That's the funny thing
about you Christians.
Y'all believe in God
when everything is good
and there's nothing going wrong.
And the minute
something bad happens,
you start questioning
everything.
Says the non-believer.
Yeah, that's right.
In my opinion,
there's no old man in the sky.
But I know you believe
Grace is up there
looking down on you.
And I promise you,
she is not happy
with you sitting out here
feeling sorry for yourself.
You're probably right.
Yeah, I know.
Lucas.
Hey, Jackie.
How are you holding up?
I've been better.
How about you?
About the same.
I'm really gonna miss Grace.
Yeah, me too.
It doesn't even
seem real, you know?
I wish it wasn't real.
I think I'll give
you two a minute.
Do you wanna go somewhere
quiet, so we could talk?
Oh, I'd love to, but I should
probably hang around here.
I know.
I just don't wanna break down
in front of all of these people.
You know what? Uh...
Come on, come on.
Okay.
All right.
I think we're alone.
Jackie, what are you doing?
Jackie!
- What?
- What do you mean, "What?"
You don't like what you see?
Jackie, what has
gotten into you?
Luke, Grace is dead.
Luke, wait!
No one has to know.
Hey, what happened.
Where's the chick?
Lucas, what are you doing
out here?
I just, uh, needed
some fresh air.
I'll see you inside, okay?
Hey, I'm...
I'm really sorry, Luke.
I hope you know
that I'm here for you.
I do.
Hey, Luke.
It's okay to not be okay.
I'm so sorry.
What are you doing,
brother?
Watching the game,
drinking a beer.
Well, it looks like
you're wasting your life away.
Yeah, well, looks can be
deceiving.
You can't keep doing this
to yourself.
And why is that, Chase?
Because you're hurting
your family, your friends.
This isn't you.
People change.
Not like this.
Maybe exactly like this.
Luke, when my wife left me,
I felt like a penny
waiting for change.
Your wife left you,
my wife died.
I'm not saying
it's the exact same.
All right...
how did you get over your wife?
I never did.
She was my whole world.
She took my dog.
She took your dog?
She took the damn dog.
I miss that dog.
Chase... and don't take
this the wrong way...
I know you came over here
to make me feel better.
I gotta be honest,
man, you suck at this.
Aw, who am I kidding?
Maybe I'm not the one
to help you through this.
All I know is
the best way to get over someone
is to get under someone else.
Mason.
What are you doing here?
You guys surprised to see me?
Well, yeah.
I mean, you've been gone
for over a year,
so I'd say so.
When did you get back?
Just now, came right here.
That's great.
Um, what do you want, Mason?
I'm here to help you
get your life back together.
My life?
Yeah, it's dead,
buried in the ground.
No, that's your wife.
Same difference.
You know what?
I'm gonna head outside
for a smoke.
I'll give you boys
a minute to talk.
What are you really
doing here, Mason?
Lucas, I know
how much you love Grace.
It's like one of those
Nicholas Sparks books.
Nicholas Sparks?
Yeah, like one
of those chick flicks.
I know you loved her,
but she's gone.
Tell me something
I don't know.
You're not gone.
You got plenty of life
left to live.
I wake up every morning,
go to work, pay my bills.
What else do I need to be doing?
- You need to learn to live without Grace.
- Hmm.
Ah! No, thanks.
Everything's fine the way it is.
This isn't you.
This has never been you.
You know, I'm getting
really sick and tired
of people telling me
what isn't me.
What is me, Mason?
Is it the guy that goes
partying every night?
How about the guy that goes out
and gets laid by a different
chick every night of the week?
You know what?
I'll spare you the suspense.
That's not me anymore and it
hasn't been in a long time, so...
I know that's not you,
not anymore.
You're the guy who falls
in love with a great woman
and gets married.
Been there, done that,
didn't like how it ended.
You're the guy who never gives
up, no matter how hard it gets.
That's you, Lucas.
Maybe this is me.
You might want this to be you,
but I'm not gonna
let that happen.
Oh, you're not gonna
let that happen?
Okay, so you're gonna just
swoop in and save the day?
Yeah, maybe I will.
And, uh, how are you
gonna do that?
You got a date, Friday night.
- Are you stupid?
- What?
- I'm married!
- No, you're not.
It's been a year.
It's time to move on.
No! No, no, no, hell, no.
Mm-mm.
Come on, man,
it's just one date.
I'm not asking you to marry her.
You need to get out
and test the waters.
Dude, not happening.
Forget it.
You need to do this.
So, let me get this straight.
You've been gone for a year.
You just pop back in,
and all of a sudden
you know what I need in my life?
Let me ask you this.
If Grace were here,
what would she want?
Grace isn't here.
Exactly.
Obviously, you're gonna be
a little rusty tonight,
so let's go over a few basics.
Let's not.
You know you can't bring up
Grace tonight, right?
Can we not do this?
I'm just saying,
you haven't been on a date
in a long time.
Don't worry,
I got it covered, hmm?
I know I've been busting
your balls, but...
I'm gonna be serious
for a minute.
- Don't hurt yourself.
- Very funny.
You remember when we
used to play video games?
Do you mean when we were kids?
Yeah, I guess.
Good, so you remember me
beating you
in Street Fighter II, right?
- You didn't beat me.
- Yeah, I did.
No, you didn't.
The point is I used to beat you
all the time
and you'd get all mad and cry,
and so we had to start over.
I didn't cry.
Then why did we call you
"cry-baby"?
Because I liked that movie.
Yeah,
keep telling yourself that.
Okay, so this is
you being serious?
Look, I know life
isn't a video game,
but this is your chance
to hit the reset button.
You make it sound so simple.
Just one thing.
What?
You should probably
take off your wedding ring.
Mason, I...
I know. Believe me, I know.
Just take it off for the date
and put it in your pocket.
Put it on a necklace,
I really don't care.
Just don't wear it
on your finger.
I didn't even wanna
go on this date.
You can put it back on the
minute the date's over, okay?
Trust me on this one.
Look, man, I... I get it, okay?
And I know it's been
over a year, but...
I'm not sure I'm ready for this.
I guess we'll find out,
won't we?
Lucas?
Carla.
That's me.
It's nice to meet you.
You as well.
So, have you ever
been here before?
Oh, no, but I've heard
really good things about it.
Yeah, it kind of has
a cool vibe to it.
Yeah, it does.
Yes, it does.
I don't care, I like the shrimp.
You ordered last time.
It's my turn. I want the shrimp.
I think you should get
whatever you want.
Thank you.
Hello, I'm Brian.
I'll be your server tonight.
Can I get you two started
with something to drink?
Oh, water is fine.
Yes, it is.
Water, yeah, that's, uh...
that's great.
Are we ready to order
or do we need a few minutes?
I don't care what he said,
I still want the shrimp.
I think you should
get the shrimp.
I'm sure it's great, right?
Please, don't be rude.
- I'm sorry?
- It's not polite.
I'm gonna give you two
a few minutes.
Yeah.
Did I say something
to offend you?
No, it's fine.
Because I was just saying, like,
you should just get
whatever you want.
Thank you.
I don't care what he said,
I still want the shrimp.
You're kidding, right?
Kidding you about what?
This is a joke.
Mason... Mason put you
up to this, didn't he?
God. That Mason.
Come out, Mason.
Ha ha, really funny.
Joke's over.
That's... This is good.
That's good.
This isn't a joke.
Oh...
Sorry, I just assumed
this was a joke.
I mean, one minute
you're talking to me,
and then the next,
you're talking
to what I can only assume
is an imaginary friend.
I don't have
an imaginary friend.
- Oh.
- Oh, my goodness.
Yeah, I know. Rude much?
Right there.
What is your problem?
Um, I'm not the one
with the problem.
Really?
'Cause you definitely seem
like you have a problem.
Yeah, yeah, he definitely does.
See, there! There it is again.
Why are you being so mean?
I'm not trying to be mean,
but, I mean,
you're acting kind of crazy.
Oh!
Please, please, please,
don't call me crazy.
What am I supposed
to call you when...
You can call me by my name.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I'm sorry, I'm not
trying to be mean.
It's just that, again,
one minute you're talking to me,
and the next,
you're talking to whatever.
I mean, it's a little crazy.
I asked you not
to call me crazy!
I hate when guys call me crazy!
Carla, please relax.
I may have gone too far.
I'm sorry.
So... for... for what? What?
Sorry for what?
I know. I'm not crazy.
I'm sorry if I offended you?
Oh, offended me?
You mean, for calling me crazy?
Why would I be offended?
I mean, I'm not crazy.
I'm not crazy.
If I'm being honest,
you are acting a little crazy right now.
Stop calling me crazy!
I'm out.
- You're leaving?
- Yup!
Thanks for ruining our date.
You did ruin it.
I didn't do anything.
Whatever.
Can I help you with anything?
I'd like the shrimp.
- Jeez.
- Oh, man.
So, let me get this straight.
You set Luke up with
someone who heard voices.
Okay, I guess
it's time to come clean.
Wait, are you serious?
You knew she heard voices?
No, I didn't know
she heard voices.
And I also didn't set you up
on the date.
Wait, what?
I did, and you're welcome, bro.
- Are you kidding me?
- No.
What? There's nothing
wrong with Carla.
Yeah, she's a peach,
you know, besides the fact
that she hears voices.
Okay, I admit
she's a little crazy.
A little crazy?
Your boy set you up with someone
who's two cans
short of a six-pack.
- You just didn't give her a chance.
- Mm.
Shut up, Terry.
So, obviously, the date
didn't go as planned.
I kind of expected it to be bad.
Just not "she belongs
in a straitjacket" bad.
Don't even worry about it.
I already got you set up
on a second date.
Yeah, there is no way
I'm going on another date
with that woman.
Not with her, someone else.
I didn't even wanna
go on the first date.
What would make you think
I'd want to go on another one?
But your last date went so well.
- Yeah, no more dates.
- Yeah, you are.
Trust me, you'll like this one.
Yeah, you'll like her...
till she starts talking to herself.
Okay, forget about crazy Carla.
This is a good girl.
You'll really like her.
Nice, sweet, good-looking girl.
Trust me.
Did you have a hand
in setting this one up too?
Oh, my God, there is
nothing wrong with Carla.
Your loss man.
I'm gonna call her.
You know, I'm not one
to agree with Mason...
but what have you got
to lose, brother?
My sanity.
So, it's settled.
One more date.
I'm gonna regret this, aren't I?
Probably.
Are you talking
to me now?
Can you please be quiet?
No, not you, you.
The other you!
What?
Match made in heaven.
- Caroline.
- Hi.
- Hi, I'm Lucas.
Thank you again for meeting me
in the afternoon.
I'm sure it's probably earlier
than you were expecting.
Oh, no, it's fine.
Daytime, nighttime,
I'm good with either.
I'm glad to hear that.
If I'm being honest,
meeting in the daytime
works out better for me.
I'm not much of a night owl.
Early bird, huh?
Good afternoon. I'm Liz.
What can I get you guys
to drink?
Oh, I'll have the sweet tea
if you have it.
We sure do.
- And for you?
- Water's fine, thank you.
Great. Be right back.
Do you mind if I ask you
a personal question?
It's a little early
for personal questions, no?
Oh, sorry.
I'm messing with you.
Ask me anything you'd like.
Okay, um, so, I guess
my question would be...
do you accept Jesus Christ
as your Lord and savior?
Oh. Um...
Caroline,
that's a great question,
but I'd prefer if we don't
discuss that right now.
- Okay. Here you go.
- Thank you.
All right,
are we ready to order?
I'm sorry, not yet.
Okay, I'll give you guys
a minute.
So, you don't believe in God?
I, um... I don't really know
how to answer that.
It's a simple question.
You either believe in God
and accept Jesus Christ
as your Lord and savior
or you don't.
It's, um... It's not
as simple as you'd think.
I'm going to be honest
with you, Lucas.
I don't think I can
continue this lunch
if you aren't Christian.
Okay, well, I'm sorry
for wasting your time.
So...
So, you don't believe?
It's not that I don't believe.
It's that I...
I really... I really don't know
what I believe.
What do you mean?
My wife died about a year ago.
Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
Yeah, and it was the morning
after our wedding.
I see.
So, you'll forgive me
if I don't just believe
in some higher power
that would let
something like that happen.
Well, you can't let one bad
moment challenge your faith.
Yeah, my wife dying
is a little bit more
than just one bad moment.
That's not how I meant it.
No, that's fine, I get it.
But like I said,
I would just really prefer
not to talk about this
right now.
You have to understand,
faith and God are a very
important part of my life.
Okay, that's great
for you, Caroline,
but this is our first date.
I mean, could we at least
table this till the next one?
If there is a next one.
I'm sorry if I offended you
with the comment
I made about your ex-wife.
My wife.
I'm sure you two had
an amazing relationship,
which is exactly why God gave
you the time with her He did.
Hmm. God gave me
the time with her.
Yeah, God killed my wife.
- That's what God did for me.
- No. No, Lucas.
Your wife served her purpose
here on earth.
God took her back to His kingdom
and now she is happier
than she's ever been.
Happier than she's ever been.
You know what?
You don't know the first thing
about my wife.
I'm sorry if I upset you.
That was never my intention.
You know what?
Don't even worry about it.
The fact is, Caroline,
this was never gonna work, okay?
You and me, we are two
completely different people
with two completely
different sets of beliefs.
I don't understand.
Mason said that
you were religious.
Yeah, well, Mason was wrong.
It's been a pleasure.
I'll pray for you.
Don't.
So, Lucas is gonna
be here, right?
Yeah. Why?
You miss him?
No, he wants to see
how Lucas's date went.
Shut up, Terry.
What? It's true.
You wanna know if he got on
with Sister Caroline.
- She's not a nun, you moron.
- Well, how am I supposed to know?
All I know is
she was drilling him
with all kinds
of Jesus questions.
She did.
Well, he's the one supposed
to be doing the drilling.
Well, at least she didn't
hear voices.
There's nothing wrong
with Carla.
Shut up, Terry.
Blow it up.
What did I miss?
Have a seat, brother.
Chase is dying to know
how your date went.
Stay down there, will you?
I thought
we were here to play poker,
not talk about my bad dates.
- Come on, it wasn't that bad.
- Really?
Were you there
when she was drilling me
20 questions about Jesus?
Okay, but other
than the Jesus talk,
she's a nice girl, right?
Oh, yeah, I especially
liked the part
where she was telling me
that my wife is happier dead
than she was alive with me.
Oh, yeah, she's great.
That's rough.
Yeah, I mean she didn't mean
any harm by it.
I mean, it's not her fault.
Well, I don't blame you,
brother.
Some subjects just aren't meant
to be spoken on the first date.
Yeah, I was kind
of rude, though.
She didn't deserve that.
So, are you gonna give her
a second chance?
No, mm-mm.
She needs someone who
wholeheartedly believes in God,
and that's not me.
That used to be you.
Used to be.
Let's go out.
What?
I'm sick of sitting
around this poker table.
You've been gone for a year.
This is what we do.
It's Friday night poker.
I wouldn't be against a drink.
See?
Yeah, what's this whole
"agreeing with Mason" thing?
I'm not sure
I like that very much.
I'm just saying,
might do you some good.
Let's go out, just the boys.
Like the good old days.
What's the harm in that?
Let's get drunk!
It's up to you, Luke.
We can sit around and play poker
and I'll gladly
take all your money.
Or, if you're up for
a little more excitement,
I say we go out
like the old days and get drunk.
Just completely drunk.
- All right. What the heck? I'm down. Let's do it.
- Yeah!
- Let's get completely drunk.
- What is that?
- Come on, get in.
- No. Get in where?
What are you, 12?
Come on.
Terry, come on,
we're going.
Hey, hey, the boys.
Welcome, welcome.
What can I get you?
Let me get
four shots of Jack.
You got it.
Guys, you'll never
guess who I ran into.
This is Candy.
I met her when I was out
in LA, now here she is.
Hey, everyone.
Hey, Chase, I need to talk
to you for a sec.
Come on, Terry.
Not very subtle. Busy.
That's okay, I don't mind.
I'm Lucas, by the way.
Candy, but you
already know that.
So you're in town from LA.
What brings you back?
I loved LA,
but it just wasn't for me.
I wanna be an actress for sure,
but I'm just not into doing
all those cheap horror films.
Mmm.
Although, some careers
kind of got their break
from horror films.
Johnny Depp, Kevin Bacon.
Yeah, but, like,
they're guys, it's different.
I think Jennifer Aniston
actually got her break
from a horror film.
That's true, but she's, like,
the exception to the rule.
Most of those films just cast
women to show their boobs.
And I'll be honest,
I'm not giving these babies
away for free.
Yeah, no, I, um...
I agree with you
on the horror film thing.
I guess at the end of the day
if you really want
something bad enough,
you just gotta put the work in.
That's such
an old-school way of thinking.
Why would you say that?
Uh, all you have to do
is go viral.
Well, sure, if you want
your 15 minutes,
and then nobody remembers you.
But don't you want
to be someone
that people always remember?
Like Kim Kardashian!
Now exactly what I had
in mind, but, sure.
Yo, Candy cane! There you is!
Oh, Razor!
Lucas, I want you to
meet my best friend, Razor.
Hi. Nice to meet you, Razor.
Just Brad, but everybody
call me Razor.
Razor, you will never
guess who I ran into.
- Who?
- Mason.
- "Mason from LA" Mason?
- That's the one.
Yo, where he at?
You know Mason too?
Oh, yeah, I know Mason.
That's my boy.
I don't see him.
Candy, are you down
to go find Mason for me, hmm?
- Sure thing, Razor.
- I'll keep your boy company.
I'll be right back.
Don't go anywhere, okay?
I'll be right here.
- Whoa!
- Oh, I'm okay.
She'll need Life Alert.
Can I get you guys anything?
Beer is fine.
Great. And for you?
I'm undecided.
Right. Right.
So, Lucas,
what's the deal
with you and my girl Candy?
Oh, there's no deal, man.
Just met her.
So you ain't
interested at her?
No, she's not really my type.
Really?
And here's your beer.
Thank you.
So let me ask you this.
If you ain't interested
in my girl Candy,
what do you say
you and me get out of here?
Sorry about that.
Um...
Um... the reason
I'm not interested in Candy
isn't because she's a female.
I like women. I'm not gay.
Gay? Whoa.
Who's talking about being gay?
- Oh, I just...
- I ain't gay.
I mean, it's obvious
that you ain't interested
in my girl Candy,
but I'm sorry, I ain't gay.
- I apologize.
- Relax.
It's all good.
I mean,
unless you're interested.
- So you are gay?
- Are you?
- No.
- Me either.
So, you're not gay.
Nope, not unless you are.
I'm not.
Great, neither am I.
You know what?
Early morning tomorrow.
Could you just tell Candy
I had to leave?
You know, if you
change your mind,
you know where to find me.
I won't, but... thank you.
Mm, mm, mm!
- Hey, buddy.
- What?
- So, are you gay or what?
No, I ain't gay.
Why? Are you?
No, man. No, I'm not gay.
Me neither.
Sorry, buddy.
I know the trip to the club
didn't exactly swing
the way you expected.
That's funny, yeah.
So, he said he knows you, Mason.
Is there something
you're not telling us?
No, definitely not,
definitely not.
Huh. Yeah.
So, did you set it up?
No, dude.
Mason.
Okay, maybe I texted her
on the way to the club.
That's it.
She was already there.
Yeah, with her
gay best friend.
All right, I get it.
Times have changed, right?
But people have too.
They haven't all changed.
I don't think I like
where this is going.
You know me too well.
Oh, come on, man, you too?
Luke, here's the thing.
You went on a date with some
girl Mason set you up with,
and then you went on a date
with some crazy girl
that Terry set you up with.
Please don't remind me.
All I'm saying here is...
you've let Mason who,
with all due respect,
doesn't know you like I do.
And Terry...
I didn't know it was Terry
who was setting me up.
True, nevertheless,
you went on that date.
Now, all I'm saying is that
I'm a little bit older
and a heck of a lot more
wiser and more mature
than these two knuckleheads.
And besides, I know you,
the new you,
much better than they do.
- Hey, I take exception to that.
- And you should.
The only reason
I'm even considering this
is because it's you.
I wouldn't steer
you wrong, Luke.
Better not.
Fine, I'll do it.
Go ahead, set it up.
You got it.
You won't regret it.
Until the next poker game.
Hi. Is Daisy home?
Daisy is my daughter.
What would be your
intentions with her?
We're just going out
for a few drinks.
Boy, I know what
"a few drinks" means.
No, it's nothing like that.
Well, butter my butt
and call me a biscuit.
You, sir, are the first man
on God's green earth
who's taken a woman out,
not expecting to get
his tallywhacker wet.
O-kay.
Could you get Daisy, please?
Daisy, holler on out here.
Got some pretty boy
waiting on you.
You have my daughter
home by 11:00, you hear?
I'll sure try.
Don't test me, boy.
Daddy, stop.
Daddy, Daddy, please go inside.
Please, go inside.
I'm sorry about that.
My daddy is a little
over-protective.
Uh, yeah.
It is a little weird
for someone so ol... mature
to still live at home with
her over-protective father.
But anyway, I'm Lucas.
I'm Daisy Mae,
but you can me call Daisy.
It's nice to meet you, Daisy.
Are you ready to go get crazy?
Yeah, sounds like fun.
Wow, nice shot.
You know what
Daddy always says?
No, but I'm sure
you're gonna tell me.
There's one rule
you must always follow
when you're playing
a game of pool.
Really?
And what rule is that?
You got to chalk
that stick real good.
What? Cat got your tongue?
Um, no, no, no, no.
It's not that.
Come on, Mr. Man,
whatcha thinking?
If I'm being honest?
There's no other way to be.
I really like the way
you chalk that stick.
Well, I really like you.
You're not so bad yourself,
Daisy Mae.
You like me?
Yeah, I think you're...
Sexy?
Definitely sexy.
How sexy?
Do you mean like
on a scale of one to 10 or...?
You're such a jerk.
But I'm a cute jerk?
Is that your dad over there?
Yeah, that's Daddy.
- He comes here all the time.
- Hmm. Of course he does.
Pay him no mind.
He's harmless.
But I'm not.
Morning.
What the f...?
How did you guys
even get in here?
The back door.
It's never locked.
I got to start locking
that door.
You ever heard of knocking?
Tried it once, didn't like it.
And why are you guys here
so early?
It's 3:00 in the afternoon.
- It's that late?
- Yeah, sure is.
Guess somebody had
a great time last night.
Speaking of which, you should
probably put some clothes on.
Eh.
So I came to find out how your date went last night.
I have no idea why he's here,
I found him out in the yard.
Dude, did you know your neighbor
showers with her curtains open?
- Dude, she's, like, 80!
- I know, right?
So anyway, how was your date?
It was actually pretty good.
A little awkward, but good.
Couldn't get it up, could you?
You're an idiot, Terry.
No, that wasn't why.
So you had sex.
Nope, didn't have sex.
Dude, what are you waiting for?
Do you wanna hear
why the date was awkward or not?
Yeah, what happened?
So, I get there to pick her up
and her dad's there,
and he's trying
to intimidate me.
Oh, that's it?
Finally get out of there,
go to the bar,
and, poof, he's there too.
That's nothing.
Oh, my God,
one of my friends knows how to knock.
Imagine that.
Come in! Lou's is open.
Join the party.
Hey.
Oh, hey, Brook.
- Hi.
- Good to see you.
Sorry, I didn't realize
you had company.
- Oh. Eh.
- What's the matter?
You can't say "what's up"
to anyone?
Hi, Terry. What's up?
My heart rate
when I'm around you.
Wow.
Um, I can come back.
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
I just wanted to see
how you were doing.
I've come by a few times
and called and texted
more than a few times,
and I just, I never hear back.
Yeah, I know,
and I'm sorry about that.
It's just... honestly, I haven't
really known what to say.
It's okay. I just wanna
make sure you're okay.
Oh, I appreciate that.
Okay, so I feel like Terry is
staring at my ass, so I'm gonna go.
But, hey, it was good
to see you.
It's really good to see you too.
- Oh, Luke.
- Yeah.
Nice boxers.
- Bye, Brook.
- Bye.
Hello?
Oh, you know what, man?
I'm a little tired anyway,
so we can just do this tomorrow.
Grab dinner or something.
All right.
I am not feeling this.
He'll get over it.
Second thoughts?
Do I know you?
Can't say that you do.
I swear I've seen you before.
I get around a lot.
Okay, then, you, uh...
you have a good night.
Everything is going to be okay.
That's it.
You said that
at my wife's funeral.
I meant it.
But you don't know me.
I don't need to.
Then how do you know
everything's gonna be okay?
Just have faith.
- Is here okay?
- Yeah, this is great, thank you.
I'll be back
in just a few minutes.
Yeah, take your time.
I'm still waiting on someone.
Is this seat taken?
Brook.
Unless you're expecting
someone else.
I was expecting Mason.
- You were?
- Uh, yeah.
Um... sit, please.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah, absolutely.
So, how are you, Luke?
Uh, I'm...
I'm good.
Y-yeah, I'm good.
Trying to convince me
or yourself?
No, I'm sorry.
I'm just a little...
I was expecting Mason.
Would you rather it be him
than me?
No. No, no, no, definitely not.
Good.
Did he tell you
you were meeting me?
He did.
Yeah, and did he tell you
that I knew I was meeting you?
- Yeah, he did that also.
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah. Sounds like Mason.
- It does.
So he tells me that you've been
going on a lot of bad dates lately.
Yeah, it's... it's been
pretty rough.
I didn't know
you were dating again.
Well, I'm not.
I mean, I...
No, no, I'm not.
Sure, you're not, no.
So, is this where you take
all your dates?
No, no, it just... this place
usually isn't very crowded,
so I don't have to deal
with people.
Yeah, avoiding that deep part
of the question, huh?
No, no, no, it's not that.
It's just I wouldn't
really call them dates.
Honestly, I don't even know
how to date anymore.
Yeah, me either.
You forget I've been single
for a really long time.
Well, I mean, that's because
most guys are idiots.
Thanks, Luke.
I mean, I would know.
I used to be
one of those idiots.
Yeah, that's true.
But you've changed
a lot since then.
Oh, I hope not too much.
I mean, I like to keep
being all kinds of awesome.
Okay, you can
keep thinking that.
Oh, that's what I love
about you, Brook.
You'll always call me
on my shits.
I need someone like that
in my life.
Why? Mason's not doing it
for you anymore?
No, it's not that.
It's just that...
Well...
things are different, you know,
since Grace has been gone.
I mean...
I'm different.
I've been really worried
about you, Luke.
Yeah, I know. I, um...
I got all your voice mails
and your texts.
I just...
I-I'm just kind of in a place where
I couldn't really talk to anyone.
But I know you tried
to be there for me,
and I'll never forget that.
You really are
a good person, Brook.
Thanks.
Hello, I'm Renee.
I'll be your server tonight.
Are we ready to order?
Um, you know what?
We just got right into talking,
so we haven't even looked
at the menu yet.
Are you like me?
Do you already know
what you want?
No, unlike you, I haven't
been here a thousand times.
What's good?
Anything but the shrimp.
Okay.
I had such a good time tonight.
I did too.
Again, I gotta be honest,
I was really surprised
to see you.
I mean, it's great that Mason
didn't show up and you did, but...
I'm glad.
I'm glad you're happy.
I was. I am.
I mean, how long has it been,
I mean, since me and you
got to hang out just me and you?
Sometimes I really miss
the old days.
Yeah, me too.
We should do this more often.
I would love to.
What are you thinking about?
I hate to say it,
but I think Mason was right.
Right about what?
It's like he somehow knew that
if I got to hang out with you
that I would feel like
my old self again.
Well, I'm glad that I can help
you feel like your old self again.
Me too.
I mean, wow,
I can't even tell you.
Like, just the being out
without the pressure of dating,
you know, just hanging out
with a friend.
Yeah...
hanging out with a friend.
Wait, I'm sorry.
Did Mason tell you
this was a date?
- It's okay.
- No...
I shouldn't have assumed
it was something it wasn't.
It's fine.
No, Brook,
that's not how I meant it.
- It's fine.
- I mean, I guess I...
Hey, you know what?
Thank you
for the wonderful evening.
It was really great
hanging out with a friend.
No. Brooklyn, plea... wait.
Brooklyn!
Damn it, Mason!
What the hell?
Jackie?
Hey, Lucas.
We need to talk.
I'm kind of in the middle
of something here.
You have 30 seconds
to get outside.
Come on, man.
I can't finish that fast.
You could join in
if you want to.
30 seconds outside.
I'll be right back.
Don't finish without me.
- The hell, bro?
- No, you don't get to be mad.
- How do I not get to be mad?
- You set me up with Brooklyn?
Of course I did.
She's had a thing for you for years.
- No, she hasn't.
- Don't be an idiot, man.
She never got over you
and you never got over her.
Mason, it's Brook.
What were you thinking?
I was thinking the same thing
that everyone else
has been thinking,
that she's the one for you.
- No, Grace is the one for me.
- Grace is dead.
Grace is dead, Luke.
So what?
I'm just supposed to move on?
- Is that it?
- Yeah, that's it.
Can't do it.
Yeah, you can.
Grace is gone.
You need to move on.
All right, I don't need to do
anything you tell me to do,
including getting over my wife.
You wanna know what I think?
No, and I don't really care.
I think you had a great time
with Brooklyn.
I think she made you feel things you
haven't felt since you've been with Grace.
And I think you know
I'm right.
You got to realize that
this is God's plan for you.
- You don't even believe in God.
- I don't have to, you do.
Everything happens
for a reason, right?
Stop.
No, you need to hear this.
You lost your wife,
you lost your faith.
You lost everything
that you believe in.
I think it's time
for you to realize
that you need to live
this life without Grace.
- You wanna know what I think?
- What do you think?
I think you're an asshole.
That's what I think.
So, you still haven't heard
from Lucas, huh?
- No. Have you?
- No.
I tried calling him,
but he isn't answering.
Yeah, he's not even
answering for me.
Shut up, Terry.
This sucks, man.
I just wanted to help him,
and all I did was make things worse.
Brother, you can't blame
yourself.
Yeah, Lucas
is gonna get over it.
Maybe.
But what if he doesn't?
He will, brother.
He just needs time
to process things.
He's going through
a lot right now.
Yeah.
I just wanted
to be there for him.
I guess I should have known
I'm not that kind of friend.
Maybe you are.
What do you mean?
Think about it.
I'm thinking about it.
I still won't get it.
You will.
Yeah, I don't get it either.
Shut up, Terry.
Just shut up.
Hey, it's Lucas. Yeah.
Um, so, look,
I know our last date
didn't exactly end as planned.
So, I don't know,
what do you, uh...
what do you think about
maybe giving it another shot?
Yes, I'm asking you out.
How about now?
Okay. No. Great.
I'll... I'll see you in a bit.
Okay.
- Hello, darling.
- Hey, you.
Should we get out of here
before your dad kills me?
- Daddy's not home.
- Oh! Mm...
Oh!
What's wrong? What's wrong?
Oh, it's...
I can't do this.
Is it me?
No, no, it's definitely
not you, it's me.
Oh, honey,
I can help you with that.
Mm!
Mm-mm, mm-mm.
No, no, no, it's not that.
Daisy, I think you're great
and I'm probably gonna
hate myself for this later,
but I gotta go.
I don't understand.
There's someone else?
- Then why'd you call me?
- Well, I... whoa.
What the hell are you doing
with my daughter?
Daddy, what are you doing home?
Now, you shush.
You got five seconds
to explain yourself.
I'm gonna hit you so hard,
I'll kill your whole family.
It's not what it looks like.
Really?
Well, that's a relief.
'Cause it looked like you were taking
ol' one-eye to the optometrist.
What?
You were trying to have sex
with my daughter!
- Daddy, he wasn't.
- I told you to be quiet.
I was not trying to have sex
with your daughter.
Really?
'Cause I swear when I walked
in, you were busier
than a cat covering shit
on the marble floor.
I... I think I can see
why you would think that,
but that that's not at all
what it was.
Daddy, nothing happened.
Nothing happened, I promise.
Get. Gone.
- Now!
- Yeah! Mm-hmm!
I didn't do anything, Daddy.
Daddy, I didn't do anything,
I promise.
I know you didn't.
So you believe me?
Honey, that boy didn't know
whether to shit or wind his watch.
I love you, Daddy.
Lucas?
Hi.
What are you doing here?
I tried calling.
Yeah, saw that.
You didn't call me back.
I don't know what you want me
to say to you, Luke.
That's fine. You don't have
to say anything, just listen.
What do you want?
- I want to apologize.
- Apologize?
I wanna apologize for what
happened at the end of our date.
Oh, it wasn't a date, remember?
Brook, I'm so sorry I hurt you.
I... I didn't mean to.
I know you didn't,
but that doesn't change
how it felt.
But I... I would never
intentionally hurt you.
Okay, thanks for apologizing.
Have a good night.
No, Brooklyn, come on.
We've been friends
for way too long.
What do you want me
to say to you, Luke?
I thought you saw me
the way that I saw you, finally,
or the way that you
used to, but you don't.
And, eventually,
I'll be okay with that.
But I can't pretend
that it didn't hurt.
No, Brook, you weren't wrong.
I was wrong.
I should've never
said that it felt like
two friends hanging out,
because it didn't.
You didn't feel like a friend
that night, Brook.
- You are just saying that.
- I'm not just saying that.
I'm trying to say what I
should've said that night.
And what should you
have said that night?
I should have
said to you that...
I... I should have told you
that I...
Exactly! You already said
everything that you have to say.
So you know what?
Thank you for stopping by.
- Have a good night.
- Brooklyn, wait.
Luke, go home. Just go home.
Oh, you again.
So much for "everything's
gonna be okay."
Everything is going to be okay.
Mm.
I just hurt my best friend.
How's that okay?
She'll be okay.
So will you.
I don't see it happening.
It's not about seeing,
it's about believing.
- Hey, Brook! Ah!
- Oh, Jesus!
Oh, my God.
I'm so sorry.
Are you okay?
I'm fine, wasn't planning
to have any kids anyway.
I'm so sorry, but how was I
supposed to know it was you?
I need to talk to you.
So you jump out and scare me?
Nice way to start
a conversation.
How'd you know
I'd be here anyway?
I've known you
for over a decade.
I think I know
your routine by now.
Stalker.
Really?
You kick me in the balls
and then you call me names?
I don't think you're the girl
Lucas thinks you are.
That's why you're here.
No, of course not.
Don't lie to me.
Yeah, fine,
he's the reason I'm here.
Well, I don't really know
what you or Lucas
think there's left to say.
Brook, I know you're upset.
I never thought
he'd act like that.
If I did, I wouldn't have
set you up on the date.
Well, it wasn't a date,
so don't worry about it.
- It's over.
- But that's just it.
It's not over.
It's not over for you,
it's not over for Lucas.
What do you mean
it's not over for Lucas?
Let's just say
the last time I saw Lucas,
the only thing he kept talking about
is how he messed up things with you.
He said you made him feel things he
hasn't felt since he's been with Grace.
Lucas said that?
- Would I lie?
- Yeah.
Good point,
but I'm not lying about this.
He tried to apologize to me,
but I thought he was just
trying to make me feel better.
He knows he messed up.
He wants to do the right thing.
Well, he said
we're just friends.
Have you ever had
your heart broken, Brook?
Yes, by Lucas years ago.
Have you ever
had your spouse die
the morning after your wedding?
- No.
- Me neither.
So we both don't know
how damaged Lucas is.
All I know is
he's crazy about you.
Maybe it took him longer
to realize that than you'd like.
Maybe he totally
screwed up that first date
and maybe, just maybe,
he realized he loves you.
He can't love me, Mason.
Stop being so naive.
The guy's known you
for over 15 years.
Don't you think those feelings
have always been there?
- What if you're wrong?
- What if I'm right?
What if I put myself
out there again
and he decides that
he's just not interested?
Or what if I'm a rebound?
He already had a rebound.
No, not like that.
He went on a second date
with that chick
that Chase set him up with.
Couldn't pull the trigger,
if you know what I mean.
He told her his heart
belonged to someone else.
Yeah, Grace.
Look, Brooklyn,
all I know is my best friend
hasn't been happy
for over a year,
and now, for the first time
in a long time,
he seems like
he wants to be happy again.
The problem is
the only person right now
that can make him happy is you.
So go make him happy, will you?
You know something, brother?
If Brook is the one that you're
supposed to start your life over with,
then you need to get up
off your ass,
go out there, and go get her.
I tried.
I tried to talk to her.
I tried to apologize to her.
She wasn't having it.
So you try again.
And I'll look desperate.
Do you love this girl,
Luke?
Do you wanna be with her?
- Of course I do.
- Then go be with her.
It's not that simple.
You forget, brother,
this ain't my first rodeo.
You know what
the secret to life is?
What?
One thing.
You're quoting
City Slickers, really?
One thing, Luke...
you grab onto that...
everything else don't mean jack.
You're right.
Go get your girl.
I'm gonna go get my girl.
Right now.
Oh, yeah, right. I'm...
Now. I'm gonna go get her.
Up and at 'em.
Brooklyn.
Uh, wh...
Guys, I'm just...
I'm just gonna go.
Nice to see you again, Brooklyn.
- Luke.
- Yeah.
I know this is gonna sound crazy,
'cause this is all I've wanted,
but can we take things
a little slow?
Yeah, of course.
I want you and I really wanna
be with you,
but I want all of you,
Luke, not just this.
That's fine.
We don't have to do this
right now.
We can wait as long as you want.
- Thanks. Date night?
- Date night.
- What do you have in mind?
- Hmm.
You, me, Pulp Fiction ?
You know me too well.
- I'll get the popcorn.
- Okay.
Stay.
What... what happened
with taking it slow?
On second thought, I think
we've waited long enough.
Good morning, beautiful.
Good morning.
Last night was amazing.
Is this is the part where you
tell me that we're just friends?
Thank you for giving me
another chance.
Well, you can
thank Mason for that.
Mm, yeah, I guess he did turn
out to be a pretty good friend.
But he did set me up
with some horrible dates.
Yeah, but look where
those horrible dates led you.
- Right where I'm supposed to be.
- Mm.
Can I make you breakfast?
As much as I'd like
to stay with you,
and I do want
to stay here with you,
we both know I have
a routine to keep.
You mean that marathon
that you run every morning?
It's not a marathon, but, yes,
that's what I'm talking about.
Can't you just skip a day?
How about we see
if you can make breakfast
by the time I get back
from my run?
- Hmm, challenge accepted.
- Mm.
Oh.
- Morning.
- Hey.
You okay?
Yeah, yeah. I'm just...
I'm really happy to see you.
Brook, can I tell you something?
Yeah, you can tell me anything.
These last few months,
I mean, really, the last year,
it's been so crazy,
just ups and downs,
some really brutal downs,
and I know its gonna sound clich,
but I think, I believe now,
that everything happens
for a reason.
I mean, I needed
to go through all that
to kinda get to
where I am today.
To be the man that I am,
the man that you deserve.
I'm so happy.
I love you, Brooklyn.
I love you too, Lucas.
Hey, Luke.
Yeah.
Everything's gonna be okay.
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull